# WWDC18
WWDC18 Scholarship Application (Status: Won)

## Features and technologies
Since the primary idea of my playground was to show how augmented reality can be used by educators, the main technology that I used to create an immersive experience is ARKit. This framework allowed me to demonstrate the full power of augmented reality in education. I used such features as plane detection and hit testing to implement an interactive experience that can be used in teaching 3D geometry. 

I created my playground with extensibility in mind. The project has a complex scenario and uses some complex features and techniques, therefore it was important for me to organize the code efficiently. I made extensive use of the Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) paradigm. For example, I created user-defined classes for messages, custom SceneKit views, and the main ViewController. Moreover, I created extensions for such classes as SystemSoundID and my custom class MainViewController. The examples of polymorphism include overriding (for example, viewDidLoad) and overloading of custom methods (such as the creation of multiple insertEffect methods with different parameter lists). Each of these techniques has allowed me to improve readability of the code and make the playground extensible for the potential changes in the future. 

During the process of development, I was also focused on creating an enjoyable and interactive user experience. I used AVFoundation and AudioToolbox to play background music and effects, as well as SpriteKit and CoreMedia for the video. SceneKit particle systems were also used to make the overall experience more dynamic. To make the objects in augmented reality look more realistic with different light, I used a custom lighting environment and updated its intensity according to the ambient light estimate. To create a truly dynamic experience, I made use of both existing and custom SceneKit Actions to animate object positions, rotations and implement fade through color. I also used random number generation to distribute visual effects during the video playback.

To sum up, I strongly believe that augmented reality, combined with the advanced Apple technologies, such as ARKit, has the full potential to transform the process of learning at school. This is why I plan to use the idea of this playground to create an iOS app in the nearest future. 
